Well I'd like this guy to have a little more fun as he jumps.
He looks awful grumpy here.
So let's go back to object mode and Let's select that grease pencil object and then we can go over to
draw mode here.
Now for this I think I don't need the sad mouth here or the grumpy mouth the sneer.
Let me hide that.
I think I'll draw a new one.
We could adjust the eyebrows a little bit better to me.
Tab into edit mode and I'll hit that B key and border select and let's put the eyebrows in a more pleasing
position here.
Something like this.
I'm just trying to find.
A default pose here that's kind of in-between the smile and the frown.
So something like this maybe that's the.
And then for the mouth what I want is a fairly big smile like like like he's having fun.
And where should that go I think that should probably go out here around frame 15.
Me draw it here and then I can move it.
So let's think about this.
Let created a new grease pencil layer over here and I'll call this mouth.
I'm going to call it mouth open because I think his mouth is gonna be open here and let's go to draw.
And with that layer selected what I'm gonna do is take the arc and I want to fill it.
So I'll come back to our materials here and I'll choose that black fill and I'll click and drag like
this me try this or grab that handle here and pull down all right.
So it's gonna be something kind of like this.
I mean hit that.
Let me go to edit mode and select that.
And then I kind of want to turn it make it kind of like this.
So you can kind of see what I'm doing here maybe.
I don't know.
I just want them to have kind of a a goofy grin.
As he as he jumps something hit the s in the z key and I'm going to kind of make this a little bit bigger
and uh something like this.
Let me see let me see how this works.
OK so Okay that may be a little bit too big.
Hang on let me scale it down just a bit okay yeah.
Something like this.
I know that looks kind of cheesy but I think it's what I'm after I think it's what I'm going for here.
Let me go back to draw and go to the line tool and I'm just going to click and drag across here to clean
this up like that.
All right let's hit enter there.
OK.
So that's kind of what I want.
Yes.
So he's kind of happy and having fun go back to edit mode and I may shrink that down just a bit
let's try this yeah.
OK.
So now he's got kind of a goofy grin because he's flyin up in the air and having fun.
And he didn't know he'd have this much fun.
All of a sudden I'm creating quite a story here aren't I.
OK.
So what let's do is let's create a new material slot here.
Let's grab that black fill and then let's duplicate it right here.
There we go.
So now we'll call this red bill and for the stroke it'll be a drag.
Up here it'll be quite bright red right here.
Something like that OK.
And then for the fill I want the same color so I'm just going to grab the eyedropper and I drop that
swatch there and make it the same color now that we have that.
Let's go back to our draw option here.
Let's go to our arc tool and let's see if we can do this.
So I kind of want it to be
something like this.
Let's see.
Let me undo that.
Let me try this again.
Maybe I'll reduce the pixel size to three and click and drag this way
and then bring that up a bit here and then I think what I want to do is make another one going this
way.
So like the like that and then I'll grab this and bring it down like that.
Let's see if this works I'll hit enter and we've got a little bit of a problem there.
But you can see what I'm kind of going for to see that tongue in there.
I'll just grab that line stroke and just draw.
There we go.
Enter.
Okay.
All right I kind of need to move all of that so I'm going to go back into edit mode and I'll just select
a point here on the tongue and hit L and a point here or let me hit L then I'll shift click excuse me
and hit l here and shift click here and hit l.
So that should be all of that.
And then I can kind of move it around a bit to maybe I want to bring it up a little bit like this let's
try that tab back into object mode.
So yeah you can see the tongue there.
Maybe we need to see a little bit of the teeth and maybe that tongue's a little bit too big.
I mean scale it down some and move it into place like this.
Let's try this.
Okay so there's his tongue.
Let's work on the teeth now so let's do the same thing.
Let's create a new material slot.
Let's choose that red fill.
We will duplicate it and then we'll call this white fill there and we'll change our color to plain white
I mean just bring all of these down here like this and then drag this all the way up.
There we go.
And then we will select this Swatch.
Use the eyedropper and select that.
Okay.
So now we have white and for this I think just a similar thing.
Let me go back to the draw tool.
Let's create an arc and maybe we just draw like this and then grab this and move it down a bit like
that and go and then maybe just a a line across up here.
So it's straight like this grab that bad up here I mean hit the tab key select this press the L key
shift select that line up at the top here I mean see if I can get it and then hit the L key here as
well.
Now we can move this around a bit maybe shrink it down some kind of put it where we want it to be here
let's try this yeah.
So he's got kind of a goofy grin and then we go let's try that yeah.
So something like that.
I don't really like what's going on over here.
I may take this right here and kind of move it out like that and we go see how that works yeah okay.
I think that'll work so with this now this this right here needs to happen in the middle so it needs
to happen really from here to here.
So let's take that mouth open here and let's duplicate it and let's move it to here and duplicate it
again and move it to here.
And then what we can do is create a new mouth here so right here.
Let's let's go back and back into edit mode and I'll hit the B key and since I have these key frames
here right here and right here if I go into edit mode and border select this and delete it delete and
delete strokes.
You can see that over here.
It's still here.
Right.
I've still got my key frames here so I've preserved it here but now it's gone here and we can create
something new on this layer.
So for something new let's go back to the draw tool and I'm going to use that arc again and I'm going
to use a black stroke over here in the materials and I'll just kind of draw Oh that's too small.
Let me change the radius back to five pixels and I will just draw a very kind of a generic mouth shape
here.
So it's kind of between the sneer and the smile.
You know that we created earlier.
All right.
So something like this.
So now let's see how this works.
So all of a sudden he goes with a
that's not too bad.
The only thing we could maybe we could play with is the actual size.
So let's let's duplicate this and put it right a right around frame 14.
And then let's come back to this frame on frame four and what this do is let's just simply grab this
and shrink it down just a bit like this.
Let's see what happens.
I'm curious.
Let's go back.
And here we go.
So what we need is another key frame probably back here.
Let's try this.
So it opens a little a little quicker
right.
So you can see it kind of open a little quicker now we could actually take this.
Let's try this just for fun and let's select this and let's just make it a little bigger.
So let's go back to this key frame here and let's just scale that up.
That was just ridiculously big.
He's having a great time here.
All right and then let's also take this duplicate it.
Bring it out here.
Then let's take this one and bring it to here and then maybe we could yeah I think that'll do it.
When we go.
Let's see how this works.
Yeah.
It's a little silly but I think it'll work.
I just wanted to look like he's having a good time as he jumps also.
We could go ahead and change the eyebrows as well.
So for the brows here we've got it at this point here.
So maybe at this point we could begin changing the eyebrows so they begin kind of going up and turning
like this
let's try that and then they go back down here so we'd need to get rid of this key frame here and this
one as well on the brow.
Eleanor so let's get rid of this right.
So that holds those.
And then we could have them.
Let's duplicate this.
Move it over to your and then we could go back and maybe grab this one duplicate this over here like
that let's try this.
We only got one down.
Let's grab that other one here this.
There we go.
So let's try this.
So they go up and they go down at the play
maybe move this one this way
there we go.
All right.
I think we have our jump an animation there's certainly more that we could do to play around with this
but I think for now that's going to be good.
So I think what we need to do now is work on exporting all of our animations our character to unity
so in the next video what let's do is work on creating all the exports and taking meant unity.